Added release notes for MSlice (#38596)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.12.0/Direct_Geometry/MSlice/Bugfixes/38596.rst

> - Catch error for performing binary operations on vectors of different length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Performing binary operations on vectors of different length no longer crashes Mantid. An error is displayed instead.
```
